ARIZONAE'RE GNA HAV A
UPTE FOROU A LE IN
WANTO TAKE YOU O TJUST
TIONALLY AND RLLY
INRNATIOLLY WHAT WE'RE
LOOKIN ATO
HURED AN TWEY NINE
THSAND CES ARODHE GLO
TH CORA VIRUS WE VE NOW
REHED OREN THOAND IN
E UNITED STATES WIT T
CASE HERN U
N
WE HAVE GOVERNOROUGUCEY AND
HER ATE OFFIALS TALNG
A LISTEN. LIVE HERE ON NEWS NOW.
AVOI SOCIAL VISITS SPPING
CHOOSE CURBSIDE PICKUOR DRIVE
THROH F MEA AVOID SK
PEOPLEND D NOT VISIT NURSING
HOMN
ARTHERTO PROVI CRICALU
SISTANCE. EASE IMPLEME
THE PREVENTION MSURES AIMED
REIRATY VIRUSES BY WASHING
YOUR L
SED HANDANITER AVO
UCHI YR FACE WITH
UNWAED HDS.VOIE
SI. STAYOME WHENOU AE
SICK A CER YOUCOUG O
EEZE WH A SSUE IF YOU
NEED TO E AROVIDER CONSIDE
USING
O
T
NETE AND I WANTO PRIDE
YOU TH T N
THE AOW SEVAL
COMMERCI LORATORIEHAT
NTEST FOR COVTINETN.
WEVES Y'VE ARDHERE
IS AATIOLHORTK
LLECTION SUPIES AND LAB
TESTSOR EVERYONE W WAN TO
BE TESTED  THITIME. BUT
IT'S IMPE
THERE'SOPECICREATMENT
A COVE NINEEN TEST WL NO
CHANGEOUR INICAL TREATMENT
ILE U A SIC DOCTORS
SA WAY. OPLE WIT MILILLTILLARE E
SYMPMS SHOUN
TH AREICK. A FOR SENTY
GOWAYBILLHOUL SEEPTS
EMGENC CARF TH HAV
THR CHEST SERE CSTAN
DIZZINESR OS
TH MAN HEAH CARE DKW
LOTIONNCE TH SPLIEE
BECO AVAILLE.E
R
FEDEL HHS PTNER TO
NTINUE STAING UP DITIAL
TH ACTITY WEAVE SUED ARSCREING T
SYTOMATIC AZONAOAOW
TH ARINATATE PUBCEALTH
FACTS.HAT E SE FROOUR
UNTYEALT PARTNS.S OF
DAYHE PUBC HLTH LAB IS
STEDHREEUNDR AND FIF
PEOPLEEULEDR
E
HURED D THTY SPLES
NDIN. IF YOU AICK
CAUS WE KNOW THAWE EXPEC
TO S MOD
THATEOPLITH LD SPTOMS
OF THE DISG
F
CARE PRODER IHEY HAVE
ESTIS RARDINGHICH
MEDITION TO KEP
TH TIR SYMPTS. OU ARE
ILL ANDEED TO SEE A DOCTOR
INRUCTNS OHOW TO KEEP
HER TIEN SAFE. AN THIS
IS IORTA S
EMGENCO NO GOO TH
ERGEYOOM. HPITA AND
HEAL CAR WKERSEED TO
CUSNHEOST VULNERABLE
PATITS THE ELDERLY A THOSE
TH MICALOMPLATIONS.
CONSER UNGPTIONS SH A
YOURRIMA CE
R
WHEOU CAN TALKO AELEMICIN
PRIDER FM THE COORT OF
UR OWN HOME. EVYONE IN OUR
INROTEING OURUBLICTANT ROL
HO WHE YOU'RE CK CLD BNG
LIFE SAVGA
ALYS PUBLIC HEALTH IS ENGAGED
INN
WERE TNKINHEAD AND
ANTIPATI O NEX SPS.
CURRENT FACAL INFMATIAN
BE FND A CDC D GOV AZ HEL
DOC OFL
L
C
WI THEOSTP TO TE
INFORMATION AND ADVE ON HOW
TO KEEP YOU AND YOUR LOVED ONE
FE. THANKOU WE' HAPPY T
ANSW ANYT
VE DONO GEOUR INTOI
WEBSE TNS ITHT
AT SHEE COMI WITHIN TH
DAY WO. IN
N
PELE THAANALK TOUGH
WHAT TDO IF S
ORHEREO GOOTENALLY IF
YOU ED TBEE
T
OFEALT SVICE OR YOU C
NTACYOUR LAL PUBLI
HETH DARTMENT. JUSTIN. I
INK IUT I WANT TO MAKE
CERTAIN TT ERYON KNOHE
STATS GOING TO SPK WITH ONE
VOICE- WE HAVE BEEN FOLLOWING
THE CDC GUIDENESN ALIGNNT
WITH A I H. WE HAVBEEN HAND
IN GLOVE EVERY MORNING I W
WILL MEET WITH DOCTOR CREST WE
VIEW WHAT THE GUIDANCE SAYS
THIS GUIDANCEASHANG OVER
TIME I E
I
TO BE ON A VIDEO CFEREE
CD NIHND THE OTHER FIFTY
GORNORS- AND WILL MAKE THE
APPROPRIENNOUNCEMTS AS
CIRCSTANCES CHANGE. RIG W
HAVE WN
I ID TSE THING CANHANGE
LL MAKE THE APPPRIA
ANNOUNMENT A THE
PROPRIAT TIME AND WE WVE
BEENN AC
AND NIH THAT'S BEEN OUR
GUIDANCE EVERY MORNING- A IT
WILL CTINU TO BE YOU I'M
GOINGO BEUIDED BY THFACTS
AND THIS TUITION UP GROUND I
THE STATE OF ARONA THAT'S
WHAT WRE GNG TO MAKE THE
STATE IN O STEWI- OURGUR
IDANCE IS ATE. TRE W.
ERE. YEAH RIGHT. BACK.EAH
AN AY THE RORT TT SPD
ON T SET GNA LE U T
SUBATTER AXPE
S
ARE LOW PUBC HEALTH. AR ON
E AND T FOR ONHE D. DID
IS AND T CON IEST. THERE
RRENY IN CASN PMIKE
ANDOULD BEHEF
LOEDESTERDAY THERE HADOT
CHNIC BUYE YEAH ALL. LE
DEMOATS. YH MAY WHAARE
YOUALLIORSO I WANT TO
SAY ARE OUR FIRSTHOUGHT
THROUGHHIS CRIS TODAYO
SPEN AROD PUBLIC HEALTH AND
THAT'S BEEN WHA WE'VE BN
CRESTAS BEEN FOCEDNANY
OF THE DECISIONS TTE'VE
MADE A BAN TO PROTECT PUBLIC
ALTH B AO TO  OUREST
TOAVIGE THROUGHHIS AS A
STATE IN THE SAFES AND MOST
RESPONSIBLE WAY ANDY HET
ES OUT TO NOT ONLY T PEOE
THAT AREOME. AND SACK AND
SCOL OUT BUT OF COURSE ARE
ARE SMALL BUSINESSES AND THEIR
EMPLOYEES WE'RE GOING TO BE
WORKING WITH DEMOCRATS AND
REBLICANS ON A MENU OF WHAT
WEAN DO FROM THE STA LEV
WERE ALSO WORKI WITHE
YEND THE BUDGET THAT WASHAT
RELEASED ON- JANRY TNTY
FIRST IS GOINGO CHGE
DRAMATICALLY BECAUSE WERE IN
OUR SOCIAL SAFETY NET IT'S
GOING TO BE SUCK AT WORK THE
ONE STRAY IT FAR CAN TO PROTECT
REAL PEOPLE INHIS TOUGHLP
ONOMIC TESEAH.S TH
WORD GOT O WE E GOG T
MAKE DECISA
.
WE COLLECTEND THE PAHE
THSELVAFE WE COLCTP
LOT OFNFORTIOF
O
T
SUF WE HAD WLDOT WANTI'M
PERNAL IORMAON PN
THAT W RORTAE O IF WESE
FEEL THAT O
INRMATNHEY ED TKNOW.SE T
WE A OUR OR-
IN I COORDATIO WITH TH
SUPENTENNH
E
GUANCE O ATHE FEDAL
LEVELHICH O CRSE WIL
THIGHT DECIONOR PLICE MAKE
HEALHAT WE V
COMMUNICATE- A I'MONNAE.
WE'R GOING TO  VISING WIT
THE PEE
CERTAIN THAT OUR OUR PENTS
COSE WOU BE LE TO
REONSIEAY- BUT WE'RED
'RE GOING TO- MAKHAT
ANNOUNCEMENT AT THE APPROPRIATE
TIME AND- SUPERINTENDED ION'T
KNOW IF YOU WANT TO ADD TO THAT
O
COMMUNATIOITH THE
GOVEOR'S OICE A
STRO CSIDETIONN TERMS
NE TO  CLOSEDORNUMB SCHOOLS
WERE A CURRENT IN. THE MORE AHRS
E NECASEHAT ADDED WE
N'T THE AT RK INFORMAON
OR T OCOE
TH CAS THA IM AWE O WF
VEAD- ELDLY IOLVE I
THISND WE HE-
A
AWE OF TEE. THANK YOU
EVERYONE FOR QUESTIONS THANK
U. ALLIGHTO TH WAS
RAP UP THR O D
E
TOL NBER  CASSORTY
UR TY COINUE TO RKITH
FEDALORKFCE AS LL A
HERS I T STAERE' WE
L TRI TO TUR HDLE ON
E SIATIO WE' SEEG BS
RESTRANTS CT
O
NYEOPL OUT OF O OF JOB
GHT NOW UNRTUNELY BECSE
ARONAILLET Y WE' TAK
A QUK BAK RIG NOW WN WE
PRIDEN TMP'SWFUL NEW
NFERENCE THA HJUST WRAED
UP MOMED
RE CING  NEXON NS NOT
AMERANSILLG
A
DOLLS WITHIN. THREEEEKSS
THATRE OUTFORK RIGHTOWPLE
ANDUST TRY TO GIVE THEM.
SOMETHE
LL JUS WAIT ANDEE JUS
HO MUCH REHIS- PANMIC.
STAT BUT ACRS THE CNTRY
THCASH CCKS ARE PT OF
PLAN INTRODUD BY E WHIT
USE ELIER THIS WE IT
INUDES THREEUNDREDILLION
DOARS FORMALL BINESSE T
ON T PAYRO TWOUNDREDS
BIION DLARS OR RE YLIDE
WITH T FR
T
N
HUREDS DLARS ANY DECTOR
IF WGET ANY ME UPDAFELL
OF PPLEANT TO OW EXACTTRSEILL BR
AY WHA TYPOF MON WILL
YO BE TTING O IS OFOURSE
LF. EXPECTED EARLYPRIL
HEARA NUER OF PPLE SIX SO
HIGHER. ARESE COINUE TOHE
WAYSRINGOU. IAND W
IS DE CORA VIS CORAGEERNALROSSO.
CAUS A FORNE. THIS IS
THE WAR THA
T
BIZRE Y GO  THE- STE
SE IEAN AT I AISS.U WODD U SINGU
PEOPHE CL. BUE
MEAN THEWHER. ERYO
TH- TOGEER IN WE'LL GETS AEVENTG
THROUGH  BUT WE T TOAKE
DAYY DA AND RLLY R B
HOURET'SHOE
JU WRAED UP MOMENTS AGO
PRESIDENT UMP. LEADING UP THE
FOR ING HE I HAVTO SAY I
THINSOCT
PLEA PLEAS. IN THEWOE AND
CHAIRS. WODE
YBOD SITNG BEHD Y IN
E INITL PROBLYO BACK
BUT I VE ISR
BU IHOULDN S TT
BECAUSYOU'LLET MK
E
T
TOEFEAT. THCHINESIRUS
FORE I BEG I WANTO STA
THIN VERY G. THFORMER
EE COR ISN HISAY BK TO
IMPRONED ILEBANOSINCE.NG
SEPTEMR ON
'S BATING LA STAGEANCER
TO REIVE T MUCH NEEDE CE
ANDREATME ITHE UTED
STATES WVE BR
RD TO T HIM FED. ATS
FINALL ABLEE
Y
E
AND- WE A VERY PROUD OF HI
FAMILYHEY STOODY HIM
RONG OY. ANDHEY AR
NO HHER PORITY THA TEHAS
FETY ANDELL BEG OF O
TIZENS WE'- GOTTE A
EMENDO NUMBE OFOSTAGE
OU AS Y KNOW THINK 'RE
RTY TWAND OO ANDOBERT
CHIE NOTIATO FOR AARGE
THATOW WE VE HIMND IA
DIFFENT POO
ANK AONGRATATE ROBT
D HIS AM AND WANTO. T
ERYONE KNOW TT RECORING
AMICANS HEL CTIVE AND
IMISONED AOAD CTINUES T
A T PRIORITY FOMY
ADMINIRATION.E
.
ANE'RE WKING VY HARD
WI SYR TO GEHIM OUWE
HELP T SYRI.
N
THEM  DO TH. YEAH WVE-
ITTEN A LETTEUST RECENY
HE BEEN ERE FOA LONGIME
D WASAPTUREONG AGO
AUSTIN TE HIS'
S
EATADYND WE' DOING T
ST WCAN SO SIA PASE-
WO WH US A WE WOD
APPRECIA. IT LT
DONEE'VE GTEN. RE OF TH
IS CALHATE. SYR WITH
DEAL AFTER SIA WHAVEO
SEE O ANDHO
H
APECIATEF TY WOULLET.
AUSTENYPESA
PLAY. AS YOU KW MY
ADMINIRATIONSY
E
THE RUSESTERD SIGNEY FROM
TO LAW. A ITICAL SUPPO
FOR AMICAS
.
A
MILYEDICAL LVEO THOS
FECTED BY THEIRUS AND ME
HELP I E
OUR TIRE TM. HEAD B
SEETARY NU CHIIS ON E
HILLE'RE WT
I
ON. TS WAS SOMETNG THAT
SOMEEOPLET'S AN ACTF GOD
ION'TIEWT AS AACT O
D I WOU VIEWT AS-S
SOMETHG THATUD
E WHOLWORLD. ANIFEOPLE
ULD HA KNOWNBOUT I COU
STOP EN STOED IN ACE.
IT COULDAVE BE STOPP
GHT WO CAME OM CHI. IF
THEYOULD HE KNOWABOUT .E WOULD F
BUT N THT
TOO DBECAUS WE VERADE
AN ECOMY IST
W
WEEK AGO BUT WLL BE BK AND
I TUALLYHEY WI BE BA
RONGER TN EVEREFOREF
COURSE WE AG
TH PERIOOF T. ILSOUST
DISTBUTION OF ESNTIAL
SULIESIF NECSARY WRE
WORKININ WIO
PROVE MAJOR ADDITNAL REEF
TO THE.
BUSISS.
APPRE SOMHING LE THAT AND TO
IT- IT WAS AROVEDERYERY
QUICKLAN.
STAT WILL NDLE ITHEY C
NDLE IT THDOCTOR WILL
HALE IT. A IHINK IT'S
GOG TO BAT I TNK IT'
ING TBE GRE. THE WERE.
QUKLY SDYING- TS DGN
WHE WE'R CONNUING  STUDY
IS. BUT THETUDYIN IGOING
TOELSO DO IN A IT'
VEN OUT TLARGEROUPSF
PEOPLE PERHD
A
THEIHEIR PROMING
THERAPS PROCED Y
A
D
PURPES THAS BEENUT. D
SAID VY GOR
T
VE A VY GOOD SULT HAVG
TO DO TH A
UG ALS HAS BN THE-
APPRED IHAT CA BY E
FDA. THEN IAW
A
THE PEOP ARE IREDIBL
TRIOTSND-HEOB THAT.
STEVEN HDA'SS
WAY WRE WE TOOK M I SA
U SUREOU WAN TO DOHIS.
YEAH WDIDS
WAGOING  BE. IN THE PY
LI WT HAPNEDERE BUT- HE
REAL HASTEPPEDP TO T
PLE WRE WERYOU ARWORDS.
U REAL HAVE CHECKS HI
T I'M T SERVUSO THAT.
T IN. OUBLE  IT. T HE'S
THIS GAT IF A FIT SO.T
RENERON ANDS SOME IS A
SOMETHER T GREAT. ND  HADS
THERE OK ATT
OU HAVOOM JU OF W
E. TH YOUAVE-AURA QNN.
AND HYD HN
NOW. ESNTIALL APPVED F
PRESCBE USE THA I THI
I THK IT CLD BE. THE ME
BE BASN WHAT SEE IT COULDANGEAND
BE GAME ANGERPOWERF
WE'RDOING ERYTHI WE CA.
THE ACTIS ARE IORTANT
NE SP SEN FORHE FDA T
T T WAY TY ACTE WIT
IS KINOF SPE IS AN
INEDIBLE TNG NMALLY AT
SAY WE. WY
YOU DERSTAO THIS IS EW
WAY ITORMAS
D
IMDIATEL BAS ON E FACT
TH IT'SEEN UDOR OTH
WE BIEVE THE TRAPEUTSG.
D OTHE. UNDVALUATN
AMERANS.EEALLYOPE
THAT'SOING TBED
BE TREMEOUS BRETHROUG
TRENDOUSREAKTHUGH. AND WE
TO VCINE IN E FUTE AID
SAID AWHATH
MANYF THEEELS. A SO MANO
INGS AREAPPENI IT'S
MECINE.ND WAPPRECTE
THAT T AMECAS
PUEDOGETHETHEY'RREALLY
STING HOAND I TNK- TS
TREMENUS SS
T
OFEOPLE VE NOTEEN. E
LIKE I FOR LONG TE APEOPLE HE NG
AT MEA DOCRAT RUBLICA.
AN THE PULLIOGETHEI HOPE
EVYTHING GOING GOOON THE
HI MAY I SHODN'T S THIS
TO LIKHECK OUT WHAS
GOG ON BEUSE Y NEVER KNOW
BUUT I TNK IS A EAT
REPUICANS AND EVERYDY ELS WHERED
E GETTGOGETHETHEY'R
YING TGET THGS DE BUT
MO IMPORNTLY T AMERIN
PUBLICAS BE
OK THEEST ECOMY WEE
EVER H. AND U
CATORK. IF T STATE. U
KNOW TRE'SE
F
.
T
WE D'T WANPEOPLE TO. SE
GETHER S THAT IS VIR
DO IONTINUE ONWD S
THE'S NER BEEANYTHI
KE THIAND HIORY TRE'S
NER BEEN A DD NOBY'S EVER
HAVEO GET D OF IOUR BI WE
FINAIAL W IT'S WARND TO
THAT'DIKE TOUST IRODUCETH
CTOR SPHEN H AND HE-
AGAIN D LIKK
WASTEPHE TNKS TO AL O
WHO ARE FTASTIC TENTEDA
ESPEALLY THEPEED TT YOUH
T THES TWOLEMENT USE T
RY IMPTANT DGS PASTHANK
YOVERY MH TNK YOUISTER
PRIDENTTHANK YOUOR YOU
ABOU THE F STAFF WE HE T
OUSANDCIENTIS DTORS AND
WORKG AROD THE CCK TO AI
THE AMIS
FIT AGAST T CORONIRUS
APPRIATED R. THAO-UCH
COMMSIONERROM DRS I WAAD
CANCEROCS
PATITS. AND HAD TTALK T
THEITREATMT. A ONE TNG
THAT W REO
HOPE FOR H WE'REOING T
ME OUTF THISITUATI.
WHAT'SLSOMPOO
PROVE HE.ND AS A CTOR
THAT'SHE WS
AMERAN PEOPLAS COMSSIONE
R THERUGS.HAT TH PART
OFE H NOT LT.UST LK
ATHE WAY THEMERICAEOPLE
HAVE RPOR
HAVEREAT RILIENCND I'M
AMERAN PEOE HAVEESPOND.
INENTION HE AED US TBE
ADDRESD. W
RRIERS TO INVATION AND TO
ACLERATEHE DELOPME OF
WE'RDOING ATT THE A.
TH F ICOMMITD TO
COINUING TO PRIDE
GULATO FXIBILIND
GUANCE BUTET ME KENE
THING EAR. I
REONSIBITY TO E AMERAN
PEOPLE. IT
A
FECTIV WE ARE CONTIING T
TREMDOUS PFESSIOLS ARE
WORKIN D O
TH.S CAME IN AND C'T EVE
IMAGIN E
T
THINTHEM. SINCARLYANUARY
LO BEFORTHE FIT DOMTIC
SEDA BEGORKINGN
INCINT COMND GRO- AND ANON TH CO
HAVE BNOCUE
COROVIRUS SCEHE VER
EMERNCY. THS IADDITITH
ANDLLF GOVNL
L
H
E TERMOF THEEVELOPNT OF
THAPEUTI.  IMPTANT PT
OF THA WORT
TENTIA THERAUTIC OPTNS
ASSOCIED D
COLLGUES AOSS THGLOBE
WIOUT TH. TANTO
FOCUS ONNE THI CA
CAERESEARCR BEFELL
THIS AND- ONEW
F
OURS IS THAT WE HE O
PEOPHO EVERY DAYT'SHEIRE
JOO DEVEP TATMENTOR
ALL SORF DEAE
A
COUNY. TO VE THI. D AS
GREA ARICAN INNOVORSE
ARE LOONGT EVERHINGS. WE
AT'SOMING ACROS OUR DKS
ASOSSIBL TREATNT OPTNS
FOR CORONE
E
INTESTSND T PROMI THAT
WE'V SN FROM ESE GAT
WE NEED  LOOK  IT W NDERIC INNON
THE TA FOR MTHE INFMATION
TOAKE TH ABSUTE BEST
DESIONSOR AMECAN PPLE
BUT I WAN E
VE OVE SEVTEEN TUSAND
WE ND WE NE TO MAKE SUR
AT THEET THE SEAF N
TO T RIGHTAGE A T RIGHT.
AT THEI
Y HAV THE RHT DRU BUT M
T BE  THE APPROIATE
DOSAGE FM RHT
D
T
DEDITED PROSSIONA LKING
D
ATHESE AC
DEVEPMENT.  T SAME TE
WE'RE ALSOU
ACTULY DRE GET DRUGS IO
THE HAS D
MENTNED TSUT O OF TH
CHANIS CALLECOMPASONATE
US ME JUST TLOU ABO
IS ITHERE' AN PERIMEAL
THAT IVERYPEEDY APPROLOR
FOTHAT. THE IORTANT THING
ABOUT S
I
EN BEYON RIGO TRY. I
AT WE GETO COLLT T
FORMATN ABO THAT.ECAUSE
ONE OFHEM
L
THE SOLUTEIGHT DECISNS.
THE FETYND EFFACY OFHE
TREATMTS.G
E
WORKG TO MAURE TH THESE
PRUCTS AAFE A EFFECVE
LETE TELL YOUBOUT AEWAS THEPOSS.
PLANHAT WA DEVELED WITHINGSHAT Y
MAF THEEOPLE  THIS
BLE ARINFECTUS DISSE.
EXRTS ONHE TAS FORCEN
THE SHT TEA
FOR HERISEASE A ANT SAID
EXPLE MA AMECANS HE
REPOSBOUT TS DRUGORREAD SDIESN A
QUINNHICH I L
E
PRESIDT SAIDOR THE
TRTMENT OF LARIAS WELL A
ARTHRIS CONTION. AT'S
A DRUGHATS
RECTEDS TTAKE ALOSER
EXPAED U AROACH TO TH
COULD  DONE
AGAI WE NT TO  THATN
THE STING OI
TRIA TO ACALLY GATR THA
INRMATIO ANDNSWER E
QUESTI. NEEDE
D ASKEAND ANSWEDWHEN W
VE YOUNOW ALE THERE
ROSS ANCY EORT ON SOM
CAED COM. PLMA THIS  A
PRETTYXCIA
TH IS SOTHING THAT  HAVE-
GIVEN R
COTRIES TH AS IS CRIS
SOMEIME ONHIS.  BEEOR
POSEDO COROVIRUS. D
YOUR BTER WHH
RUS IN YO BLOOD WCOULD
LLECTHE BOD N THIS  A
POIBLEREATME THI INOT
A OVEN TREMENT JT ONE
EMASIZE TT.OLLECT THE
BLD. CONNTRATEHATND
HAVE T ABILIS
PAOGEN FREE TT IS VUS
FREE BABLEO
OTHE PIENTS AND T
MMUNIT LOB LINES THE N
RESPONOULL
ANOTR TNG THA WRETITS
LOOKIN AT. OVEX
INFOATION THAT WERE ALLY
ACCERATE TT. TH'S IN E
OTHE TRAPIES TT WILLAKEUIT DORE.
US TEE TO
A
O
THISSHE NUMR PORON ISHIS.
THUGH. THE OER GRE THING
ABOUT TS
S
IT TAKENS YEA. TWOEARS
TOEVELOP THERAES THOH
LOOKIN AT E
MOHSERIODF TIME AND
WEE TING TOROVIDE THEM
E REX REGULORY FLEBILITY
BUT SA C
GETSONEN T BEST YRE AT
POSSIB FORHE AN
N
AT THE IS VACCI TRIAL
ON THE CURNTLYEING
PERFORDO PHASL
ICH THEARLY A STU.
TAKE TWELVMONTHS TO T TO
MPLETI TO TUALLY TIME
WEOULD APPE
THIN TO BRGE TO E
PREVENON PT OFH
E VACCI.T'S EXCITGORK
ANTHE PRIDENT IS RIT.
THISS RECOE
VELOPMT. OF THE VACCI AND
IMESSIVEUBLIC PRITE
PARTNEHIP. HS
K
ON A SHE TE T. WILL MEAN.
THAGENCI WERERESPEC GOL
TRIA.  DETERNE AEXPERT.
POFF THEHELFRUGSSED
FO ELSEAN SAFEL A
WANTO ASSURE THE ARICAN
PELEHAT FD IS ALLANDS O
DE. AS THE PRESINT
MENTIOD. TSE D
CONTUE TWORKITH
EXPETE TORK. WE REMN
EADFASN HELPG TO FOER
THE DELOPMD
EFCTIVE THEPIESOR COV
NETEENHANK Y. RIG
THK YOU SS PREDENT T
FORC O MET TS MORNG. INTE HSE CK
SPRI- WE CONNUE TO MA
EADY PGRESS. TOWD
PRIDENTRUMP'S OECTIVE NOT
LY TMARSHA THE ROURCES
THE FERAL GERNMENEVERY
LOCAEALTHFFICIA-UTERY
SO TO RNESS E POWEOF
NRIVATE STOR A
TIVITI OVER T LAST TY
REFLEC A O THO
IORITI.ESTERD T
ESIDEN SPOKE WHMERICA
TOP PHYCIAD
RNERED HELPFNSIGHTABOUT
WHO E SERVG ERI'SHEY'RE
DEING WH THE CORON VIR
WITHVERIVE THSAND STE
THE DERAL GOVERENT'SNG-
PROACHNDRE STRGND
SELESSARTNERIP- WITH A
TERRORIES LT NHT AYOU
ARD THPRESIDT SIDHE
FREEORONAVUS TESNG.AIDILYIRST CS
SIEAVE FAMIL LEA F
REIVERS ANDOOD AISTANCE
FOR THNEA
BRDANGEF BENETS AND
TOY ATHE PRIDENT
INCATED-E EXPT THAT T
NATE WL BEGINORK ONN
LOVEEET AGAIN IN AI WLONOM RIEFR
NATI'S GOVNORS WILL MT
COORNATION CENTE A FEMA.
AND OUIS
E
LE IOUR NATNAL
CONAVIRURESPON. OUR
FEMA WL BE LOCALXECUTEION RESNSH
STATE MAGY
A
TOHE AMECANEOPLE TO KN
CE AGAINHE TTING I
AILABL I ALL FIF STATE
BECING INCREINGLY
AVAIBLE LITERLY ERYOUR
OF THEAY.E
PUIC PRITE PARTNSHIP THA
THE PRIL
I
BS. LEE TO REIVE A REPOR
DAY TT TENSF THOUNDSF
TESTS ARE Y
O
STAT AND PRITE LSRE NOW
CORO VIR TESNG DECTLYLL
THE C WCH WIL GIV THE
ERICANUBLIC ALSO GE
RESEARCRSIMELY D
A TE. WE NT TO MA SURTETONFMATIS
SYMPMS OR VE A GUINEN
NCERN ABOUT HING BEE
EXSEDO SOMEE. WH THE
CONAVIRUR BIR WILL
ADESSOUNTYEVELATA A
LL AS OGRESS WMADEN
EXPE TSEE HOW AN CREASEIN A AMEN
NUMBER OW
SHOU NOTE A CAUFINE.
CONCER IHOULD EE
O
COUNT O NEWESTING SYSTEM
ASEW DAE
XT SEVER DAYSON A POR
PRAYAS GIVEN TO R FOR
CONTIE TO RKITH HETH
CA PRODERS BUSINSES A
ATE LEARSHIP TIDENTIFY.
AVAILAE Y
IN T FEDER STOCKPI BUT
MU MORE IORTANT AVAABLE
HONEELL AND THREE. THAI
VISITE A-
S
HE LAWASTIGHTHAT
ALW THEALE OF DUSTRI
MAS DECTLY TO SPITAL
THOSE COMNIW
GRTLY INCASED BY T TENS
SO CLED IN NETY FI MASKSF MLIONF
THAT WIE
T
THEY ND TMINIST TO THE
THAT A DEE
CORO VUS I FOLWING- O
E SIGNG OF LAIGHT'S
BILL OFLL OFW
VE LIALITY PROCTIONN
THE COANIESL
IS EOURAGIS WALLED OUT
YESTERDA TO SE CONRUCTIO
THOS IUSTRIAASTER THEIRG
SPEAON BEHFF THEI KW I
PRIDENT- WHOPENT AOT OF
BUILRS ACRS AMECAORTNK
PARTNENG WITL
H
BJECT OENTILARS- WRE
RKING WITHEALTH CE
PRIDERSROUND ERICA A
SULIERS AND I WE'RE
ENURAGED TO ARNE
TERALL IDEIFIED TENSF
THSANDSF VENLATORS TT
BIGAN BE CT
N
WILLAVE TH VENTITORS TT
MAKE ITS WCROSS ERICA.
BUT ASE SI
'RE ALIN THITOGETH. AND
BERE I SP AWAYND OFAND
GIVE T POT
TO DOCR BUR ARE TO LL
EVERY. ATTE
PRIDENT' FIFEN DAYTO
SLOW T SPREO
HE- O CAS AER ANOER
ONE CI AFTERE
O
PRACCE. D SUPPO THAT E
PRESIDT OY
I
THEALL F THE AMERIN
PRACCED B ERY AMERIN ANDES AHOLF
EVY CMUNITY NOT OY TO
VIRU B TO PRECT T MOSTRON
VUERABLE AMONGSERICA'
TH THEITH FR THEIR
HEARTS A NOT G
L
PEOP UNG DRI TOUGHS OFN
RESTAUNT.R
OWN ALTH A THE HLTH O
EIR FILYOR THE ALSO
AMERAN WTSO INADRTENTL
NVEY T CORONA VIRUSO
SOMEON FORHH
NSEQUEES. COULD B QUI
DIREION WL CONNUE T
RSHAL ALL THE RESOUES OF
BE.EITERANG THASTRONGL
PANERSHI WITAMERIC STATE
THIS AEA
E
FIRSDAY OFPRING. THAWILL
T THROU TS A WE'LLET
THROUGTHIS K
.
PRESENT.  I YOU'RWATCHI
TERM INCASEN THE OF NE
SES BAS ONUR BIL TO SK
DITION PEOE A THIS WL
CONTIN OR O
THE DAYS AS WE BEN TO HA
A BACKGH
STING TALL OFER THE
FIVERIX DAY F THEIR TES
ALLF THAT AS LL AS TESNGESULT WH
APPLD THE FNT LINEEALTH
RE WORRS T NURSE ANDHE
DOCTOR ANA
AMERAN PPLE WHO HE AE
PRRITIZE THOSEITH SYTOMS
THE NUES
CREASI.HAT IS E
DRATICAL IMPORNT
SIGNATEHAT EVYBS
SYMPTOMS A SYING HE SELFLD
ISATINGHOSE WH SERIS
SYMPTO ARE O
GETTG TESNG O TEST
POTIVE RAT ARE N INTOHE
10211% RS
T
THE EVEHE SERE OS ARE
OF YRE LOONGT THE STA NY
LELATATILL OR0%F
THE CAS COMROM E
E
STAT. IN AITION0% OF EE
WE'R A VERY LAROUNTRY WITHS CE E
WANT TO APAUDHE LOC AND
STATE VER
OPERION CENTE IN ANS. TO
ENRE I WANO ALSO RLLY
INK T HEAHCAREORKERS
THAVE BE ASKEDO REDU
WILLRAMATILLYNCREASHES
NUER OVENTILORS TT ARE
IN AULATORURGICA CENTE.ALSO
TH C BE CONVEED AND
VICE PSIDENT SD THEUMBERZ A ALSE
OF INDIE
MASSHEIR BTIES. THE TIEN
HEALCARE STOR. E THESS
THIS AVAILLE IN THATIDT'S RUESTA
LESLATIO CHANG THE
ABITY AND IREASES OUR
AVLABILI IMMIATELY B IN
AMOU OF CONSTCTION USE OF
THE ELEMTSHANKOU THE
T AIF YOU. THK YOUOR
PRESIDT WITG
ESIDEN TAY Y HEARDF
WONDERL ANNOF
O
RE. ATUNDREDF MY CE
FOR OFORK. RS
R
ING THGS THAARE NER
BEEN DE BEFEE
MOOST ADV FIFTYHE
ERICAN. T IANT TABOUT
SOTHING FFEREN.  MANOF
YOU AR PRR
SOALBUT ONTHING WSHOULD
ALCONSIDI'VE SNT ARE
MIENNIALNGINE V.S THE
BLOODAS ANT
L
OF TSORKEDERAL GOVERENT
SUCH SUPA
S
AND EN SHIPPG YOUNOW
WITH TESNGHE GOVNOR'SES
OPSEDRE SUPSED TBE
DOING IT- WILD
N
D
IN SE CAS GREAT VOLUM I
WHICWERE RLLY AROBLEM W
VE HELD OUT AND T RHT
MADE BUT THIIS REAY FNOW MIIONSG
E LOC GOVNMENTSOVERNO
AN PEOPL WITN THETATE
DENDING ON THE W THEY
VIDED UPNDHEY'LLO THAT
JOBF IT- WHERE YOUAVE A
OBLEMITH VEILATOR WERE
WOING VER HD TRYI TO
FI NOBY IN TIR WILST
DREAMS WOULG
AT WNEED TENS OF THSANDS
SOMEING THASERY UNIQU TO
TH TWHAT HPENED UER
WH CONDITIS WLD PUT
FENSERODUCTNCT INTO
ACON WHEER WWERE
KNOW AUT THAVERY SRTLY WEN NEEOF
IT HPENS- WOUN'T KW A LOT
OFEXT. TA THREE. DOCT
CTOR O A I. ENISAPPE
LL BE TO THMARKET. AR
ERE AN DRUGS ITHE PI.
YOU COUUALIFY FOR. O
TH RESCT TO E FIRS
ESTIONN PROBITEDY LAW
TH DISCLE CE KOMME A-
WHAT IAN TI
RY CLOLY WH THE CPANY
ADDIONAL INFMATION THE
LL- RELATELYOON YES THERE
ARE DRA
'RE LKINGT EVERYE.
ERYONEN THI DYE GS
OUR OPLE T FDA AUTCALLS EVE D AF
POTENTL THERAS
E
E OF TM. TWO ESTION FOR
YOWANT TO CRREALLYUICKLY
ARYOU CFIRMIN AO CRISI
ALEWE'RE TRYINO FIND
TH OUT TS IS BEEN GOI ON
FOYEARS MANY YRS I'VE EN
TRNGO FIND AUSTE TS- HE
WAINYRIAAS YOU KNOW. HIS
MOER IS  INCREBLE WON
BUT I DOINGT FOR S MOTR
S BROTHS AN CREDIB
WOMAN O IS DPD
YO SON. AN'MOT
IT A V. ILIVE WE WOULDOT BUT ISA
KE VERUCHO GET M BACK
OURS SPEING OSHORTASF OF
PPLIESHE CAS PUTUT.
GUELINES F HOSPILS THAT
E DEALGITH A SHORTE O
SHELIFE. THREEEARS AND S
GETTINNR
THATUT IILL LE MIK AWER
TH QUESTN VICE PERSO
AMICA TMISTRUND I JUS
I CAN' EMPE
CREDIB PGRESS THAWAS
LEGIATION ST NIGFROM
ESENT HADE GO TO MIESOTA
WITTHREE- TT
MANUFAURES TSE- INY
FI MASS FEW WKSGO.ND
WE LRNEDF TN
ATHAT FACITY OF THIY FIVE
MIION MS A MOH- LESN
FI MILLI OF OSE WER
HOSPALS SO. PRESINT WOR
NINE FIVESRE NOWVAILAB.
TO HOSTAA
DRAMIC.NCREAS IN
PRUCTION HEYWELLLONES
RE PURSINGS
DEINED F MEXIC TPRODUC
MILLN MSOR A YR. THREE
M. IS INCASINGUTPUT TO FO
PER YR-E REAY OF WE PU A
PRIORI '
RECTIO O MAKIN SUREHOSE
THAT A PR
E
PRECTION TKEEP TMSELVE
WITH THE LISLATI LT NIG
SECO COMPANI AND AS -
REPEATLY. N
COANIESROUND ARICA
HEATIN THE PSO
E
SPITALIT'S HPENING A
OVER AMECA.T
TH NEEDWE ALRDY. AN WHEN
WILL IBE
S
INEASING THE OUTPU FOREI
PRODTION ANDANUARY THE
KEHIRTY VE MILON PER
MOHT THATACILIT AND-
DISTBUTION OF TSE BUT T
OTHER THIND WILEMPHASES
WHATE'RE WKING WHRNO IS
GOVERNS TO MA E
E
N
NOWHAT THIS TMENDOUORDER
CREASE IN SUPYARTICURLY
WI INDUSIAL MASS NOW
AVLABLEE'RE GNA MAKURE
EY UNDSTAND THATHE SPLY
HAS GRTLO
A PARTIS LISLATI A
ECCOMPLHMENT T
ESIDEN AND THEESPONS B
THESE MPAE
R
GOVEMENTILL AL ME SURAL
AT OUR STOCKLE I PROPEY
REFLEC TS
QUESONREADYIKE TOY
TH'RE AILABLE NOW THE THREE
M. FACILY TT I WAAT TOL
IN TT I JANRY THE WENT
TOULL PDUCTIO ON THIY
LEGIATIVE CHANGEANS THAT
AL TRTY FI MILLI OF
THEHAT STTED TBE
PRODUC AT LL CAN
JAARY C NOW BSOLD T
SPITAL THAS THE
DIINCTIO HER IS AERY
IMPORTTHANGT
OFHE WAYHE PREDENT'S BEEN
PUSHG KINOF RAT THE TT
REFORM AHT
LIILITYEFORMHAT X.AS
GREATL EXPDE
AILABITY OF MTER THE I
E MARKEPLACE W WE'
GOVEORS A SAYSE MADET
THOSRESOURS ARE NOW TREEAR HLTHN
WITH VTLT
SUREHAT WE CALLG ONING
INSTRY ATVERY LEL
LLOWIN A MAJ SUPPLRSND
PRESEN WIE
L
PRECTIVEQUIPME- THE S
COMPY THATAD A B PROBLHAT I THEE
HADO DO WITH E ALITY TO.TH LBILT
THANK U.
ASSOATIONUST TD NBC NEW
THATHEY D
O
THATHORTAG IN. M AND
DIRELY GIVE MEYO ADDRS.ER INFRAU
THISSSUEY
MMIT TMAKING A LK AT THAT
SUE DECTLY WHHEM AND D
THAT'S AET
WEE LOOKG AT THAT IUE
RYIRECTL WMAKEURE IF
WEE LOOKG AT  VY. WE'
WORKG WIT DOCRATS ANDE
REBLICANS OF. WE'RE LOING
ATHAT VYPECIFILLY.
BOTTOM LIN PEN
O
GO BKO NORM WLHATOT
I HO VERSI WLL S. AHAPPENNTIL TA
TH IUNCHARD TERTORY A
U KNOWE THI WE HA
EAST. DOE'T HEL TO ST
TH THEDEAS WOULD HE
PULL TETHER AS AATIONRY SN WAREE
OPLE AREOR THEOST PA IN
WH THEY' SUPPOD TO B
ING ANDHE SOCL SYSTS
VERY I. WHOA
HI. IT'SECOME MEWHAT
ABT WOU BE A LISTSND
THEIR AND TG
A EAT J THI CNTRY ISN
AMAZIN COUP
O HUNDD FORTONE DIERENT
COTRIESIGHT N. SO IS
JUSTOULD HE BEENTOPPEDRYNCHART D
ULD HAVBEEN SPPED. PRETT
EALY IF WE H KNOWNF
ERYBOD HAD KWN ABO IT-
MBER OF MOHS BEFOR PEOPL
SAID YOU DIS MEURE TO.
D BEFOR WSTARTE REANG
ABOUT  COUE
S
T
CIDE TMAKE I PLIC. BUT
TH WHOLE WOR IS SUFRING
BECAUS OW
DA AGOHAT HE-ID HE
SENSEHAT THASC
WAS CING.HY WAS T
ITEDTATES NOTREPAREOR
TESTINWE WI
ATHE MIA THE MED H NOT
TRTED FRLY.
AN EMPLE MASKS NOBYVR
HED OF TUMBER OF MA
AVAIBLE NOW BUT PPLE IRESEEN OED
THK IN THMEDIA OBABLY
EXPLN T CAPINOR THEYOU
AMICAN PPLENDHAT YO
SANG HE TODAY ABOUTHERE
TESTAVAILAE ABO HOW
MASK AVAILLEND WHAT 'REF
SEEINGN S
REAL T OPPOSE OF THAT
PELE AEOPLE A.AYING
AT THEAN'T GETESTED EVEN
WH THEY VEYMPTOM PEOPL
E SAYI THAT EY-RE
TELLINUS THEDOE
A
AH WELL CAN'T CANNO
VERY GOOD INGS OTHE GRND
AND WEEE
TH HAD A RAMP THEY HADN
NOT MEANT FOR TS IT WASN'SOLE SA
ANT FOTHISOBODYNEW TH
A PANDEC. EPIMICFHIS
PROPORON NE
YTHINGIKE THISEFORE I CAN
TEOU THA WHAT WE' DOING
GOVEMENTS WITTATESL
GETTG TM TO  ABLE TO T
WHATHEY NM
SYSTIKE BAK IAN EIGHT
BEUSEHE SYSM WEAD WAS
OBLETEND DIDN'ORK AND
NOW  HE SOMEING TH'SND
REALLYEEN VD
RTAINLGOING TO BEREAT F
E FUTUO. ONHIS ISHE
PRESIDTEEMS .
BASLASH BUILDG THE RKET
PERSON RU
PPORTE.BOUT A LOTF
EFFORT. NNER D
N
E
LOSE HE INCATEDHAT HE
COMFTABLE WITH TT.OULDROM H COLE
TO PK WINRSNDOSERS WEN
NT EVEBODY TO NEFIT WE
NT I THI MORE TNNYTHIN
ELSE T WOA
BENETOU HAVTO GO THROU
E COMPYECAUSE THEY HE
COMPY GOES O OF BUNESS.OUSAS OFE
FAULTF THEI OWNHOSE
WOERS ARE GOI TO BE AEO
RECEIV AL
E
F
THGREATEOPLE OF THI
COTRY.ND W WL HAVE
THGS WORDUT IHINK THA
E GOIN TO BEERY WELIT'S
A RYOMPLEXORMULAYOU
DERSTA THAT VERY COMPL
TT'S JTORK IOUT I
THINKT'S GOIN.R
LL I TNK WE' GONNAAVE.
THE ATE.  TO. P OUT ANOU
ADVISO. AY
ER AT AL. E YOU TTING
E OVERAS TRAVE. WE'R
EAKING WHHE STA
PARTME LERI CAN' SAY
GHT NOBECAUS I HE IT AT
THMEETINYETPRESIDT
UMP I NTEDO ASK CTOR
N ABOU TAY'S AOUNCEMT
WHICH. THA YOU SMUCH I
WA TO AS OUTAND BRD
SEVERE. COECL
R
OF T YEAR- ANDT'S ARUGS
THE ESS ONT IS CRENTLYNADE BGILN
THEORLD WHAVE AOADEAROD
AVLABLE BY THA APPROH THE
LD YOUALLEDOMPASSNATE
E WRE DOCTO CLD ASKHE
POSIVE TNG AUTHAT THL
AND PATIEN BUT IT LOWS U
TOOLLECTHE DAT BECSE
UNDETAND WH THEATANDWHAT WREALLS
SCIENC A I A
E APPPRIATE DISIONBOUT
SAFETY ANW
CONCN AALL THAT WILL BENY
PROCSND COU POTTIALLY
DO N WANTO PUT T ATHINGUSE NEGIO
EFFESS THERANY CONRNE
ABOUT THOSET
T
A
F
E
OUR INTERL PROSSESHATDA
SET UP WITHHE COMNYHE
PROTOCS AE
TA IN UR RHT W NEED TO
ACALLY KNO ABO THEAFETY
D EFFTIVENEND THAS
DO THRGHHE CLICAL TRIAL
PRESS S IT'S OSEATA THAT
ARGONNA IORM T DECISNS
AT A ULTIMELY ME AUT.
FETY A AFFECEFFICA.
YEAH TS IS AO
T
HAS NE ISAY OKAOW DWE FDA
APOACHHESE EXTORDINA
MEASES KWING THATE HAV A
SAED TST WH THE ARICAN
EFFICY BUTTILL AT T SAME
GET T GETNTO PAENTS ATO
AT'S WT WE'RDOING.ISTER
PRIDENT IF U WANT T
CTOR SEE HOW LIKEL IST
THHE FIFTE DAY GS THA
YOWOULD HAVE.HROUGH
TUESY A WE' HAVEO SEE
WHAT WILLAO
TER ON DR FIRST SYNCATED
THE A THREETAYS INTT
AREOCUSED SULD THOSE ARE
BE DOI S
SHTER IPLACE I TNK THE
ACTUAL ARO
EM AND THEYIKE I KW NEW
YORK IS WORKI. VERY
DILIGELY BEEI
SAFRANCIO'S ONE O T
EAS OLOS ANLESND- T
THERHE REAORKING VERYP
HAO.O QUARTINE-OR
RDSUST. AUT THE
EQVALENTF QUARTINE. PLS
AREOR COU
VING THEUYISO STAR
DOING RE TELOE
IN WE' DOING. RE USI-HE
MECAL TER OELEMEDINE
D IT'SEEN INEDIBLY BY
AND RELY YE
DOT HAVE TEVERYO PEOPL
NO IT AWAYHEY CAT GET
WE USING TSND IS BEEN
TEHEALTH DFERENT NES AND
I WL TELL YOU TT IT'S BN
ALLY SCESSFU H HELPE A
TF PEOP O. WH THEY
DON'T VE TO AT
F
TH ARE. A POSITEHEY ARE
IF THEARS
TH CANO IFOR WEON'T
WANT TM TRANG
ANYBO ELSE. PRESENT
REPOED F THE FIRST TIM
NCE THOUTBRE- NO N
CASES ER TNTYR
TO DISLIEVE TM AECONDON
TO TT. THEATIONA SECURY
COUNCIYEA
E
CHINE GOVERENT SANG THE
CHESE CMUNISTARTY.
PPRESS INIAL REPORTS O
E CHINE VIRU DOCRS IN
JONALSAUSINGHINESE A
TERNATNALXPERTS TO MI
PREVT A GBAL PANMICOULD
USEELL IN
MUCHETTER-F WE H KNOWN
OUT TS. NUMBE OMONTHS
EARLIE ITOE
OF WOR IS BIG PCE FND R.
AT. THE DIDND FILM WOR
IS PAYG AF
T F NOTETTING THEM COME
OU ERYBODY KWS THAT W ALL
KN THAT.S F AICHS
FAS- BIEVING. WHAT EY'RE
PUING OUNOW I PE IT'
UE. WHKNOWSUT I HE
WHICH- VE. QUN
FOYOU A ALSOO THE CTOR
POIBLEOU'VE BEETALKIN.
IFF THE VU
EFRT ABOUTHISN DAY ONE
AND D MOR IORMATI
DIFFENCE AREOU TNKINGR
OUT AN TYPESF
YOU SOETHINKG SOR OF THS F CHINE
PPLY LINESOR OUR
NUFACTURG.ND WOU COME
IN THAT ADQUESTI FOR
WORKS ACRO THEOUNTRYRE
PRESENTREAT AND YOU FORMEINGHEIM
ECONOME
SOMEF THE RST J NBERS
HOWEVE IS E
UNEMOYMENT. WOTASE AND
SCENAROU WOU E
RRIBLE J NUMBE IF  C
GO OR INICELY ANE OF IN
THTHINGSRE WORNG AS U
KN O OF THLEMENT THAT
INHE HIL IS TKEEP T JOBSBEING WO
GOGO THATHEN W D GET
RI OF E VIRU WE' GNAE
ABLE TO JUO
ECONY ISOING TBETHE
FANTASCOW. WN HD
E
ULMATE BAD. OUTCO ION'T.
THK ANYBY BELIES IT'
POSIVE FOR MEMRS OFSTED
ALMOWO DOZ WE STILAV
FOURTE. YOU HG
D
DON' OF THISITTIN LIKE Y
OPLE AREITTINGOU'RE
ACALLYITTINGOO CLO YOU
OULDEALLY WE SHLD
ANOTR 70% OF YOU I HAV
ST TWOR THR THAT LIKE
WE GET NEW WAYF DOIN IT A
TO Y PLEAS HSHOULD LEA
IMDIATEL BUT BUT LK LOOK
POSIVE HOPEFLY THERE ALL
CONGSS.WIRLER KEEP GNG'S
TO THEELLM
LINDY A MANTHERS ARE O KW
EYHEY DN'T TESTE BUT
UNTILHEY GOY
NUMB OF OPLEN CONGSSE
GHT NN QUARTINE TY
DON'TNOW TH RN
EY GET THE RULTS I ONLY
E STA TRE. AND G BTER
BEUSE PPLE G BETTE
AN MOS PEOE A GETTI
TTER MT B FAR THEEOPLE
LIKEOU GETETTER. DON'T
ME IT'NOT A TOU ONETS
AOUGH O. BE
MANY PPLE I CGRESS HE
SOMEDY. TT WAS IPERFEC
IT TURD OE
I
RRANTY AND I THIHAT BUI
THINK CO.
UNLIEVAB WL IN TT
REGARD. ON T SE
VEN WT IS HAPNING IN THE
ECOMY DO YOSEEKINRILLIO
DOLLAR SI
R
T
H
DEPES ON AT'S GNG ON IN
TH ROOM IN TESF- THE
MECAL. IE CAN SP IT IN
IT TCKS THEIRUS-
EXPLAINGHE WEEKL
U
PPORT THE IDE OF E
GOVERNNT TINGI
AKE IERTAIN COMPAES. I
DO N REAY.
OPLE CING PPLEOMING IN
FOMONEY- IN SO CAS NO
FAT OTHEIR N BUTN SOME
CAS- WHERE THEDID CERIN
THINGSVEE
YES INCLING B BUYIN BACK
STK. Y KNOWHEY BOHT
BA STOCK IN PAID HH
PRICE FORIS O
E
BIT DIFFENTLYHAN SOBODY
THIDN'T D SOMODY THI
BILL PLANT E
ATES OWHICH ERE WE
ENTY. HAT DOOU. WE WL
BE HEL THEB
LD. TH SHIP.  PRAYWILL
HELPING THEOTELNDUSTR
LL PROBLY BE. WHEREHERE
BS A CREED Y DON'TANT
TOOSE IUSTRIE LIKEHIS
THE ARENCREDIE INDUSIES
U CAN' LOSE THEM .ILL BE
FOSED O MANYNDUSTRS. AND
I HAVE E
B
LPING SLL BUSESSES THAS
THE GINE OTHE OFHEW THASORDSOMPD
COUNTR W WILBG
.
POSIVE F. THEIRUS PLEAS
LEAVE R S
THNE TRIION DOLRS
STIMUL PACKA FT
ONOMY-O Y EXPEC THIS T
CHEC FORMERICA FILIES.
COIDERINANY. TH COULDE
LOING AA COUP OF THGS
THAT I COUT
NE IT BU WE C DO WAS HAS A
LOT O
N'T HE TO E IT TH WLD
HALT THAS.HIS IPRETTYHE ONEOOTHI
STORF CLOTS. AVEL HAS
SLED DOWN  AHEADHAT'S
KNOWHAT EVYBODYN THE ROO
OWS TT. T QUESTNS HOW
NG SULD THOSE WHORE
EITHER NOT WW
R FITNS OWNER AER THE
CRICAL DISIONS H LONG
OULD TY EXPEC THETATE O
FAIRSS IT STDS. AT TH
MENTAND FORHE DOCRS
THE NEAFUTUREE'LL SNEHIND Y WILL
ERE WEE GOI TO SE
YOU GO  SEE NBERS A WL.
BEBLE TO LE YOUNOWILL
Y THAT TMERICA PUBLI
S BEEN INCREBLE. FORHE
ST PART TT ALL SES BUT
FOTHE MOST PAR SO Y'LL BE
OVERHAT A SN AS WSAY WE
HAA FIFEN DAYERIOD.
YOU'LL BEBLE.
BUT 'LL BEBLE TOEE OVE.
FOR ALTHA
ME RIG NOW TS IS
DOCTOR AMS. WH ARE CARIN
R THEICHILDREN AND A
CURIOU ATO.E
AB TO  BACK TO SCOL WHA
TIMEINE.ELL I THI YIC
OW MOS A ALL OTHOSE
CISION A MADE  THE STE
EACH STA ANDOCAL GERNMEN
S HANDD IT DFERENT
PRESENTEDERALUN FEDERE
PRESIDTIALR
NGLEERSON ABO WHA W
INK IS IMRTANT FOR T NEXT
THAT DATA WILE ABLE TO SE
IF IT'I
THKOU'VE L SEEN THE
MOLING SDIES. THO WERE
DREN BY THEODELIN SDIES
SHOWIN TE
THGS TOGETR TY HAVE
GGER IACT TN SEPATELY.
D SO THO AART OF E
DECISI MAKG WO
THEICOMPOSINGLL THE DA
GETHER TO OK AT IS
REFULL BECSE ERYONE H
EAME QUTIONS OF WHAT T
PACT BE. A WHAT PIECE
COULDSSENTD
D YOU ILL HA T SAME
DECRSINGPREAD OF THE VIS.
EVER SINGLMERICA LOOKI
HE PRE GUIDETAKET SEE
ITLEASECT OF ME. I
PERF THEDECIDE THAT. AT
THEY'RDOE
A
AMERANSHEYAN SPREA THE
RUS IN A VER STRON WAY
BECAUSE YF
R
-
D WKS- ORNY OF T OTHER
THGS THATHEY'R LOOKI AT
THAT A NO
T-F TY WORK YOUUMBERS
ARE GOG TOR
T
A
CHCE THATHEY MIGHT. INHE
BACK.O R
A
LI THE PSIDENT OF AZIL
TAKI PHOTOITH SUORTERSFOR JU SOT
FORING- INSTRTIONND
JUST YTERDAM
E
SURISEDF WE SEEN THE XT
FEW DAYIN
SO FOLLO BARBAS YOUR REA
BECAUS T
O
YOU INK ABO THAT ST
NUMBNE AND NUMBE T WE
HAINNER THETHER NIG AND
EVYBODYAID HE WOSITIV
ANY WA'TOSD
GATIVEO THAAS- AND. I
WAS QUIT HD
CARD AER RATIO A THE SLL
AN- A DGE ABT I DON KNOW
ABT THAT HAVEEARD T
WAS TROLED BEFE YOUOT
IS VERY GD JOB.HEI TNKHERE. DE'E
ABRO OR SEALLY SFF-MEMB CSUMER G
UNABLE TO COO
N
ST WHERE WL WE SPO TO
TEAMERICOMEN W WERE
FLIGSAVE BEECANCEL.HE
THE HOTE IS STTING DN
THEITERAL O
ASKI THE AINISTRIONHEERE
US GOVNMENE
E
MILIRY BKINGILLOOK AT OF
CHNO N EVACUION WHA
WEE TRYG TO GE TM OUT.
THEERE LATE WH THE TO
FLIGHT W GAVTT
WE'R LOOKIO GET EM OUTT
MILIRY. WEFOUNG. YOG
THINK U HAVE AOR YOU
ALABA AHE THE INERUE OH
D WE' WORKI ON AT RIGHT
NORYING TO GEHEM OUT IS
A LAE GRE
R
OUTUST. TO ESENTO SORT
QUESONS IN YO- TK WITH
THG. SEV LEADE EARER
TH WEEK. DIDOU DISCU
GETHER ENDINROSTPONG
IT- AS Y KW-RIME MISTER O THINGU
AIG DECION FORIM AND WHAS
N'T KN WHATIS DECION I
BU WLD LE WITHIS
DECISI IT'S A TN
.
E
B AND BUIING THVENUES
GEING A BLT. IN THE OF S
MANYLYMPIC VENS TT
HAVE BN A DIE
YES WIT AOST.IVE TIS
MORE TN IT T
WHATAS SUPSED TBE. BLTR
GOOD. HIT TH A- UPE HASE
HAS TO E
ITS. AS TWHATO DO. D
ALLN. POCY E
LEERS OF. ARIA OR RUIA.
ANENCOURE TM TSTOP TS
FLOOD OF OE
MAET FOR THENE THI I WIL
LL YOU I THATROM THE
STDPOINT YOULWAYSET
KNOWNTIL W BECE THEU
LEING PROCER- I W AAYS
FOTHE- PERSO DRIVI THE
CAR. ANDIK
V
GALINE AND T PRIS WERE.
IF TY WERE TOOIGH I WOU
WAYS RSE HELWITH BK.
AND I W ALWT
LLECTI IEVER THOHT I'D
SE TNTY TWAND TWEY FOUR
AND TWEY EIT DOLLS.
RREL. T THAT WHAT
HAVE. ANDNNE -
O
TAXNCREASHAT'S GGER TN
YOU ULD GI YOU KNOWE CANY T INCT
GI ALL TSE BIG T CUTS.
BUT THATHU
ON THE HAND . GRAY IUSTRY.
AN A VERPOWERN THIS. SO I.
SPOKE WIT THEUMEROUEOPLE
THAVE A T TO  WHT.
D WHAVE A LOTF POWE OVER
EITUATI AND WRE-
TRNG TO ND SOM KINDF A
DIUM GUND. Y KNOW IT'S
VE DEVASTING TO RUSS.
WHOL ECONOS BED ON THAT
AND TY HH
WEST PCES IN DEDES. SO
IT VER DEVASTING TO SSIA
WOULD SAY IS VERY.AD F
UDI ARIA BUTHEY WE IN A
FIT. YEA THEY WERE  A
FIGHTN PRI
THE PROPRIE TIM IL GET
INLVED DL PRES. FOIVE ME
CARNAL CRUISSHIPS TBE
USEDOR WELP
CALLAVIN FM KEVIN NEWMEL
AEWHE OTH GOVERRS ACALLE
NNA BRING IT  TODAYECAUSE
WEE MEENG THROU PHONE TO
SAY.N A LILE WLE AT FEM
GOING O E
THK YOU IREASED HOSPIL
BEDS WELYT
PLESO STAYET'S SAYLACE
TOTAYF ITORKS I MN YOU
OW I D'T KNOW MAYB PEOPL
WI WANT TO T HEADE TH
FER WAS AERYENEROUOFFER
E HE HA SOME IP THA
ULD BE. EALLY ITED F
AT WE . ANERTAIN THEY
HA A LOTF ROOMHAT B
I'M T SURE. IN T FUTURSO
WILLMERICT
AE TO GEA TAXECAUSE
YOU'REALKINI
NSE RHT NOW IF YOUE NOT
SHOWIN AT
GETTGESTED A FE YEALY
SYMPMS THAT IOT A TT B
SO THAS THENLY RSON I D GOT USTU
NO SYMOM.
AN M DOCTO TD ME DOT GET
SAIDOU KNONEEDEDUT IAD
DO ITECAUSE THERESS W
ING. CZY AND THEN TER
T ITHEY SAIOU SHOD T
DID YOU H NO SYTOMS Y
OW THEHOLE THI SON
ON T PROTES ARENIQUE. T RDS IF S
PEOP TT DON SHOWYMPTOM
THAT SAY THESHOULDT GET I
WLD RELN THAT YEAH
CONSER THEERM CLD A. N I
ST. T VERY CELY CONSIR
ORIGATES IN INA ORT HASHE CHISED
DON'T INK ITACISTND
MEDI EVEIN THIS RM HAVEHANO MAJS
TEED UP WITCHINES
COUNIST PAR NRATIVE AND
THR CIM YOURACIST FOR
MANG TSE CLAS. TH IS AN
ALMING MAJEDIA PLARS
CITI W FMS. ISLICTENY
RADICASM LAT GA
E
T
CESS TYOU ANDOUR TE. IT
AMAZ ME WN I RDHE
THINGS THAT  RE
T
O
NETIVE-T AZES M WHEN I
YOUNOWE D'T DISIBUTED AND
INHE WTE HOUSENYMOREND
THE SA THH
SHINGT POST- BECSE YOU
SEI KNOWHE TRUAND
PELE OUT THE IN E WORLD
TH REAY DON'KNOW T
USEIFFERE SLOGA ANDTHE-
FFEREN CONCES FOR M
CATCOMETHI.AST WEE IO
S OKAY AYOUEE ME AT THIS
AY A SEN OKAAS I'MHE
ONE TEING EE
E
VE UNBIEVABLPROFESONALS.
ITEALLY MEAN I THINK
ME UP WITH E TERM I HE I
CA UP WI T TERM BUTTS
FA NEWST'S MO THAN
VIIMSS CORRTIONS- TY
WRE STORS WITUT CLING
ANYBOD THEY
TODA YH HAD COUPL
STORES WHE. THR
REGIER ABO ME THOUT EVENE
ASNG. MY OPINN ON SOTHING
IT TOTLY FAK'VEEVER
WALLTREET URNAL TOD ABOUT.
ABT H WE'VE DONE 'VE BE
PHENOMAL SEN THI THE
GOVERN'S REV
WSOM WHO WER YOU KW I'M
USLLY FHTING WITOVER T
RESND I TNKOU SHOULDO
THAT IN THE FORTS AND LSFERENT T
OF THIS.
CUOMAS BN REAL VYSNDREW
GENERO IEAN.HEG
WEE DOIN A GAT JOB AND
EVERYBY SU
READHIS FAHONY SRY.N
THE WA STREF
E WASNGTONOST IS GOG
WILD LELY IT
HAENED TM GUESSAYS THEY
HA LIKE  DON'TALL BACK.
THE DIA'S T VERYOAND .
YOKNOW WT SOMEAY.
HOPEFUY IN FIVL
E
WILL HAVE NE IHINK A GREAT
JOB BK
E
AND HALF YEA AS I'VDONE I
DON'THE
S
ADNISTRAONAS DON A GAT
JO B THERESS IS RY
WITHTATE PROPANDAELL IONT HAD KN
THK THEYO MEAN MEAN
THE ARE SING WI. THEIR
SIDINGITHE
E
OULDN' BE DOG DECEDITH
NY OTHS CHINIS THEEAST
IT.OHY W THERE DNG
THIS- YOU'L .
BUF WE HAD AN HOST MIA
IN THI COT
ULD BENVEN GRTER PCE.
LADIEND GENEMEN TNK
YOVERY MH. WARE VE
CITED OUT. CITED AUT TO
HI. S HEREPECIFILLYHAT
WE TALKE ABOUTITH THELOOR
INN- IHINK T- I TNK I
ULD B SOMETNG RLLY
INEDIBLE I COUOTALLY
DEESSED AT TIS A WE.
MEION SHE'S MAKESOU. CLD
TOTALL T
S
HAVEO BELIE AIN- DOCRAT I
REASSHAT I ULD HAVE OT O
INK TT IT CLD- HAV A
EIGHPOSITI. BY NOT VYERY PITIVET
THINT'SO ME VY VERTE- I
THIN I CAN S THE STEVE T AND T I
REAL DANGEART OF T DRUGSBEAUTYSS
ESPECILS
BEENUT THE FOR. YRSO WE
KNOW IT'E
TAN SAFY. SO 'S VER
WIOUT TH. TH WOULDOLKS
BE ABL ACE
.
HELPUICKLYYOU SE. YOU C.
SEE FAST
D
WH IT TASSURE YOUECAUSE
ESTION WERE KEDE WANTO
MAKE SE TW
D RIG FOR T PEOPL. E
WE D HAV A L OF INFMATION
OUTHE SID EFFEC OF E
DRUG S THARI
T
SHOW U THATE'RE WORNG
WANTO SPECATE AUT A TIMS QUILYST
LI AT TH POINT WIT
SPECTIVAC SNES OFHAT'S
INHASE O TRIALS I
MEIONEDOR EXPTINGHAT TO
PROCEE MD
DIFFENT OEROMPANI ABOUT
TH SEEM T PHASENE WAS
ST TRA IS HOT. PHE WIT
E STO BFAST TRAED. THAT
WEIGHT S A- BERE THE-
YOU'RE YOUD
BEIS TERRICANDE ARE
PARTR. WH GRE IUSTRYO
GREAT ACADEO
EXTLY THA NROMISE C
BEADE. BUTNE THI THAT
WEE DOINSEALLY WORKI
HA TO STRACK AMUCH
SPOTS D THERFI
L
N
T
EARED UPND WE INK WVE
TO ME IS WA
REAL TNK THI GREATSE I
POTENTL HERE F
PELE AREOING TBE TING
ITOON LEITERAL VER
SO LITERLY IN A MTER O
EXPEMENT WITANDHERE'S
WE'LL SEE WHAT HPENS B I
WE C BET
YBE WI BE FLY RHT BUT
EV PARTILY RIG O IT.
THAN Y ALL A WILASTSO
WEE GNG OVETO FEME N
SO I DON KNOW O'S GOG. T
'RE GNG TO FELE WRE
GOG TO BEISCUSSGITHHE
GOVERNS ARR
PELE. IA WAY IHINK IS A.
PEOPLECE
DRUGAND.
MEN THISATION' HISRY
IT R
VERNME HASHE CAPITY TO
MOLIZE THEAY WEED
SOCIET TO BILID
I' HAD NUMOUS CONRSATIO
WITH T PH
HIM AIN LA NIGHT HE IS
MOBILINGSE
NUMBF MEETGSITHE HA A
YESTDAY-ND IHINK TT IS-
THE BESTA
E FEDELOVERNMTS
PLAT YOUILL S TT-HISL STEING U E
IS BN AIAGNE
M
N
ABT ONE ING. REDUNG T
TE OF READ SO THE
HEALTHRE SYSM .
THE READ DN TA RE THATT IS
THHEALTHRE SYSM CAN
MAGEWHAT IS GNGO BE T
HOSPAL BS- I GOI TO BE OF
E AMOT OF PTECTIV
UIPMEN. AND MTF ALLT'S
ING TO COME DOWNO
VENTILATOR AIEO
WASELATIVYNCONSEENTIAL
VOLU OF RPIRATO ILLSSESA
VENTATORS THEOLUMNSR OF
CRICAL. JUSTO GIVE YOU
VENTATORSHATE CANANDT
THOUND VENLATORSTHIS I
TIONWI PBLEM I W ONHE
PHONEITH-HM
TH OTHER STAS WITHHE
NAONAL GERNORS AOCIATI
STERDAVERY STATE I
OPPING FORENTILARS WRE
LITELLYITERAL HAVE PEOPL
CHINA SHOING FOR
VEILATOR WHICH IS ONOF THE
LAEST MUFACTURS-O THI
IS A MORRON
GOVEMENT. N AUALLY PY A
NSTRUCVE ROL IS SETHING
PRODE CERTAATERIAND TO
WE'RE GOIO NE
'
GONN NEED VTILATOND THA
ISOMETHI THAT TATE
IS GNG ON- WE IDE'REHIS
WE'R FIGING THE VUS AND
ARE TWO TALLY DIFRENTY
SITUATNSHAO
E
FE I ME DANROUSHAN TH
RUS I WOU STAED WORKI
SITUIONS. WH I WASN MY
WITH HURCANE AREW INC
MESTEA FLORI AND FELT
TH I SAWN THE GUNDHO
FEARS ASANGERO O MOREEDHAT HPENE
DANGERS THE
I' SEEN IT IN FLOS IE
SEEN IIN FW
R
CONTIOUS OMORE CONTAOUS
DEALITHOTH OF TM'VEAD
ME CONVEATIONSETTERUST
IRRATIAL E
HE TFOR MO HOLY TION. I
YORK CITY. WHO I OW WHO-AS
GOIN TO BE LOCKE DNHAT
THEY WERGD
OCKS- TT THEWERE GNGO
BE A MANTOH
S
SAY TT'S WHA'M HEANG DS
THERE YING.Y
O
RIGH BECAU I WOULD HAVEO
AUTHORE.
I KN BUT I WOU HAV TO DOT
ITND I'MELLING YOU I'M NOT
DOG ITITAS A TING ME
TWTY FIVMINUTE JUST TO
SL HIM DN THEARHE
INFORMIONHEN YA
MOTION THAT- FEARF. YOU
INFOATION E SAMEAY. SO WE
CLEA COMNICATI FMAT
THE DIA FM THE HLTH CAR
OFESSIALS FORORE LE
THAT OICIALSR
T
COMMICATIOECAUSE
MINFORMAON A MION FEAR
PACIS TRUORE DANGEUS
AN T VIRUST THIS
POTION IN MY OPION BECAU
TH FTS ON TH VIRUS WE OW.
WATCH IFROM CHINAO
SOUTH KOREA R
WE KNOW THE NBERST IS
IT'SXACTLYHAT WSAIDTWAS
WA FM D ONE WALKED
ABOUTHE INCASE
TAED ABOHE VULRABLE
PEOP WITH DERLYIYSMS
LNESSE SO WENOW WT TS
VIRUS DOE T
MMUNICES ANDE KW HOW T
AL WIT IT- IT' N GOI T
EASY IT' NOTOING TO
ETTY BUT WNOW T
AJECTO OF THVIRUS L'S
ST. TAK A DEE BATH- AND
MAKEURE E
ACTI OIN FEA WHEN U ACT
DANGOUS PCE- THE FTS WE
JUST TO REPE SO WEAVE A
PLAN OF E
STEP FTTEN THEURVE. OW
THE SPAD.E
D
NUMBHREE INTIFY. NEW
THE SAME TIME. WHI I THEITEDS. T
ALLENG MAKOVERNMTORK
MOBILIPERATT
TODA.N DENSY REDUION.E
LOOK AT THE INCRSINGHEHIS IA- DN
NUMBER OFT
JUST ANDO EVERHING YOU C
SYSTEM CAN DEAL WITH E GROWSLOTE
STEP ONENSITY REDUCON.
BECAUS THN
INEASINGND AGAIN THIS
DRIVEN BSC-
M
S
STATIDEANDATO REDUCON
MANDORY TRISTAT AEEMENT OTA ANDE
BARS RS
MANDORY IN OFFICE WORK FORCE
CUTT
O
OVERNHT. I  GOINGO
TODA NO RE THAN 25% OCREA THEENL
OPLEAN B IN E WORK FORCE
YEERDAY IT W 50%E'RE
SPOKE ABOUT YESTEAY. TT
ANS 75% OFHE WORKORCE
MUST STAY M
ME AGAIN VUNTARI I'M
ASNG.LL BUSINESSETO OUR
PELE WORK FR HOME AA
MANDAT5% OFE
SEUST WK FROM HOME IN
TERMS OF INEASING CURNT
HOSPIT CAPACY. O CURNT
HOSPIT CAT
MAJOTYF THO BEDS EARIDE
WNSTATEW YOR
WORKGITH THHOSPITS
INDUST IS GOINGO PUT OUR
NEW REGW
I
WAVI DARTMENT  FINANALWE
SERVIC RUE
E
HOITALS A WE'RE WORNG ON
TH ARESSIVY.
ALL OF THGOVERNS OE
A
TELENFEREN TO TA ABO
E VERYATESTITH A
SEE TTHE HETH AND WELYOU
BEING OOURE
COENDHEOVERNO. ATHIS
THE UNTRYODAY-F THE THR
ATES-RE 5 OTHE CRN OF
OU CASESN ARICAODAYO
POIN OTHE NEEHECEST THE
GOVERNS INHOSE SE
STE HEAL OFFICLS ARE ARE
REONDING WITGREAT
PROFESONALISNDE
EED- WILCONTUEO SUPPT
THOSE A DIB
SED.  THRGH YOU MERCY
CORATIS PSENT STANDG
E MONT. ENNG U T
TIONAL RISK CORNE CENTE
WANT OU-  WANT LF
OUR- STE ANDOH
ASOU S BRINGG THEULL.E
FU WEIGH OF E FEDAL
GOVERNNT TO T
OUSTATES IN R LOCA
MMUNITS AHAT.ILL GE
ROUGHHIS CORONIRUS AND
'LL G THRGH TS
GETHER I AEEITH TH
0% TNK Y VERY CH A
YOCAN STAND ASE WREONNA
HAVE THE SCREEN RIGHT BEHIND
YO ANDHEY LL START.
OPENINGHIS UP TO T
GOVEORS THAS E
YE I G O QUEION FOR
ONLINE. WHAT I SEE OKAY WHOS
THAT SAKIN OF. ALL TT THEY
VE DON I H JUST THREE
JUSTANTEDN COVED YE I
AL TLEAVE TH DIRECVE FOR
E NATIONA GUAS WITH THE
GOVERNSHO
THE GHTEAH WEE IN AIGHT
WITH Y BE
CA BESAKE THE DIREIVES
ODASED O WT'S GOG O
OURTATE IIKE TH IDEA
BRHTHAT'S DONE LIKE IT.
LLHANK YHE SECD THING
IAVE- WOMANHANK YOU F
ANDINGP THE FEDAL MEDAL
FALITY-LOSE BUTOT WAS
AIORCEASE AYOULL KNO
WE HADANY YT
AND PRCES ANDORK UP FIVE
OVERHE COUNTRYE WERGLAD
TOORK WITH Y ALL TS OF.
OU YR THANK YOU DN ABOU
O HUNDD PEOP RIGHT N WE
THER BUTNLY YOU WHEHOSE
MEURES LEAVE O LIFE FOR Y
WITHHEUMMERS TY WERE C
AR SPEALLYETRO ATLAN
EAOSPITA-ECAUSE THEY
AND THEHIRD TNG IILL-TT.
PAES ANG TO YO THIIS
JUST THE KDI
U WILL IS TAMEF TSE
PACKAG CONNU.
E
EATED-CONOMIMPACTS
SUBCOMTTEEF MF
D
COMMENTIONE DISCSED
THIS N TOO LB
'VE BEEN LEANGN ALL O
STAT TO TH STRGLING RENUE
VIRONMT IT IS ON FE.HE
RECESSN OW
O
PRARE T E OF THEAR
'RE ALFACINGRASTIC
RENUEROPS. AND T IDEA O
HELPILL REVEN SHORTLLS.
YOUO CONSERND ALS WE HAD
A ADEA N
TERS THE IURANCE B I'LL
GET TT TF
NSIDERION JUST WANTO
GET OKAY ITH
DEGATION ASELL I OW YOU
HAVE A LO
COIDER I JUSWANTEDO
THROWHAT OUTN
D
SUPPT. THAS VERY. AGINE
YOU RY MUC. OKAY WHO'SEXT.
NEXT .
E
PRIDENT THA YOU F THANK
YO JUST COUPL PNTS- WIT
REALLY GD
THEM SHOUT ON A REGNO WAS
HELPFUA
STING THE ARMY CORS
BUILDING AT UR O'CCKODAYL VISINS
TOALKBOUT.E PURSING
THANOU FORHE- UPTE.F
SUESITH THBE A IN RMS
OF.HAT GOTT
EAS- ONE JT IN TMS OF
ERE WEE GONNBE SOMHELP
ONISO UNDECORE GOVNOR
GRAN OKAY OSE WILL .
IMPORTT TO T
NTINUEO SERV O PEOE
I PRABLY SULDE'RE DNGELVES
ERYTHI WE C TO T THE.
EASYORKOR E
L
AR GOINGO BE. ALOW DOW
THE STTEGL
THABOVE. D SO FLRY. TRY
YOU CA DT
Y
GET. DE'RELSOAVING A
FRKLY- NOBODY'S ER SN
DOHE BES Y CANNURBEFE. BUT
CONSER TT VERYTRONGLY. GRANTWE'O
THK YOU FORTHANKSAS
RATH. LLO JO BELL ABO
THE LP D WANO JUST P A
ON YOUR DARC
CASE BUSNG ON ER CAPA
BASIS WE' F
E COUNY- THREER FR ON
ND ANDFOURSEHE
DESIED TO ET T POPULION
I'VEECEIVE THAT AT IIT
IS ONL A N
STT TO G OUR CPASSIOTE.
MAY LY GET AITION THRGING
Y. ANSOME ASKIN F. HELP
INERMS OF THSUBJEC ON
MECAL CACITY. HERE I
UISIAN WE' G SOME
REESTS A F EXAMPE
VE A VHOSPIT- IN NE
BE AE TO ARCHATIENTD TO
RESPSE YET-E'VE GOT RUESTW HAV'A
IN F FEDER. FEDER MICAL
IS A TT IS TEN METE THATTATIOOUE
RGET FORE RIGH NOWECAUSE
'REONNA D EVERYING WE
N TO. SW THE READ.UT
BUT- WVE GOR
NAONALLYHATS MY BIGST.
NCERNND I JUS WANTE T
EXPRESS THAT  YOU. ANDSK
THE CONDEQUESTHE PROEMASFOR YO R
CAPATY IS LKING A NATIOL
GUD BRIN THEM UND. TH
RIGHKAYITH A OK AT THAT
IMMEATE APPVAL OF E YOU
LEASAS A STCH BUWE'LL TIT I KNOE
THAT APPE
.
E
WE- WAITG FOR E GOVNOR T
ME ON MIKE  YOU CLD IF
GREAAND TN NOW WE HAVE
ANOTHER GOVERNOR TO THAT PLEASE
WRITE AGAHANKOU THANK ALL
THE GOR
ADERIP. CHIP I FRONT OF
THE CONAF
DATESN A FEREQUTS FOR
EANE OYOU-ANT YOU ALL
TOAKE YOUCITIZE AREHERE
FIRS CORONIRUS RESNSE ACT
LA NIGHT CORONIRUSESTING
ISREE.AID SK LEAVE FAMY
R CAREIVER GIVSOOD
SISTAN TO THEEDY- GET
AS WVE SD MANYIMES ATING-
RK WITMANY OYOU- THROU
UR STA LAB A-ND
CERTIFD LABS- ANE
AVAIBLE. ALL FTY STASE
WANT Y TOU
T
AVLABILI OTESTIN IN YO
ATE. VIOUSAN TALTO YOU
ATE HE THE ANDEALTHCE
GOVEORO KNOW THAT CAUSEOVIDS B Y
OF THEUBE
PARTRSHIP TTHE PREDENT
RGED. WITOUR COERCIAL
LABS-OCHEHD
AS O LAS NIG ABBT
LARATORI- A NOW CING
AND EN THEY E DONE WE WILEITERAU
VE SOME O. THOUSD IT'S
THE HIG THROUPUT TESTI OF
YOUR HL
KN WITH OSE RESOUES ARE
YOUR STAL
KN WHEREHEIR ROURCES A
AN ANDE JUST ENCRAGE Y
IMPOANT TNOTE- THA THATO BRI YOE
WHE N TENSF TUSAN OF
RE TESOR BEING PERRMED.
THE BLHE PREDENT SNEDO
LASTIGHTLSA
PROVION TT STAT AND
PRIVAT LAB ML
RONA VIR TESNGESULTS
TO THE CDCMR
ATE HETH DEPTMENTOUR
HEALTHARE PE
YOMAYBE TO LL TM TOGEER
TODAY BE-
G
S
MONT WE WT TMAKE SE A
THATE'REETTIS
THAT TESTI.O THATE CAN
INFORD AUT THAAND OF
COSE THATHE ARICANEOPLE
N HAVEULL VISIBITY ON
THAT THE TE
SH ALSO PLAINE WE WI
UP. TODAYOMORRO W WILSEE
NCREAS NBER CES W
VE AAX TO ANTO YOU-
ABOUT AT SUPT
TRP HAS A NINISTORY
LEADER IN TH.
ACSS THE COURY ANDO MAKE
THE BJECT O MAS I'VE ONS
TAED TO NY OTHE
GORNORS. AUT IN. NINY
FIVE N. WEH
PRESENT'SLAST NHTWE
MASKHAT THPRESIDT ASKVE LITALLYF
THCONGRE TO DO AND TY DID.
PROTTIONO ALL INDUSIAL
CAN N BREADIL SOLD TYOUR
SPITALND HEAHCARE
PRIDERSERGEOUO
COMMICATE THA TYOR
ALTHARE PROVIRS YOUR
SPITAL TOD TO LE TM
DRAMICALLY IREASEDND THEYT THA S
CA
R WHATOU'RE L WRE DOI
TO IMPMET
A
NOR TBE SERVI WITH ALLF
YOU THA T
UBLE THANK Y MISTE
ESIDENISTER VIC PREDENT
ANALIS O THE CROOUNTRY
CODASES ANALYD BTATE
D COUN IS ILIZIN
50% OTHE CASESRE IN JTE
TECOUNTI SO IS THE THREE
PRARY STATE OF LIFORN
SHINGT AND- HIND HOWRE
YOU WCHINT
E ADDION COUIES OF NEW
INRBAN AREAS WHERE MITATIONN ANE
ABSOTELY CRUAL. TSSUE
OFECREASG O
COAMINAT COUERS AND
OTHER.HINGS S
AN BSSELL AMOVIE
THTERS IS SOLUTE
ITICALO KNOW YOU'R
CONCERDBOUT YA
T IT CRITILLY YOU ND TO
MA SE THATLL ELEIVE
AND DENL PRODURES.AVEDICA AND SS
BEENANCELEU
A
ONLI CORAVIRUS NOW DOT COM
THE SL
K
U
D
CAPATY TSE VTILATOAN
USEDS MENT. I THK AS BECONVEED N
L WORKOGETHEO SOLV
ESE SOTIONS I THI
LOCKIN THE MASS AND THE